Draft of gas station topic for nextGen docs, update contract interact… (#45)
kadena-docs/kadena-docs: docs/coding-projects/contract-interactions.md

id: contract-interactions
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Contract interactions

The _Contract interactions_ project is designed to demonstrate how you can import and use functions defined in one module in another module.
For this project, you'll build a smart contract with separate modules to handle user authorization and payments with secure interactions between the modules. 
Secure contract interaction is a fundamental requirement for setting up more complex smart contracts.

For this project, you'll create two Pact modules:

- An `auth` module for handling user authentication
- A `payments` module for managing account balances and transactions

The `auth` module manages user authorization, while the `payments` module handles transferring value between two accounts—`Sarah` and `James`.

<img src="/img/contract-interactions-overview.webp" alt="Contract interactions project overview" height="550" width="900"/>

In this tutorial, you'll learn the following:

- Understanding contract interactions in Pact
- Setting up multiple modules for authorization and payments

> - Testing interactions in the REPL environment

Reviewer: love this

> - Testing interactions in the REPL environment

Reviewer 2: Should we add also:
 - See how you can deploy
?

- **load:** Load and evaluate a module.
- **use:** Import an existing module into a namespace.
- **function calls:** Invoke functions defined within other modules.

## Getting started

You’ll work with three main files:

- **auth.pact** - Responsible for authorizing users.
- **payments.pact** - Manages payments between users.
- **payments.repl** - Coordinates interactions between the modules.

## Define the auth module

1. Define keysets in the `auth.pact` file is to define the keysets that control the module's access and operation.

   ```pact
   ;; define-keysets
   (define-keyset "free.module-admin" (read-keyset "module-admin-keyset"))
   (define-keyset "free.operate-admin" (read-keyset "module-operate-keyset"))
   ```

   These keysets will help manage access control throughout the contract.

1. Create the `auth` module to handle user authentication and management.
   
   ```pact
   (module auth "free.module-admin"
   ```

1. Define the schema and table for managing user data.

   ```pact
     (defschema user
       nickname:string
       keyset:keyset)
     
     (deftable users:{user})
   ```

> 2. Define the create-user function to add a new user to the system, restricted to the operate-admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Define the create-user function to add a new user to the system, that only the `operate-admin` keyset owners may execute.
```
